okay there i'm your virtual personal
trainer this month are you ready to
shape up and get rid of those love
handles you don't need equipment just
your own body weight and dedication
towards the end I'll give you some
explanation and tips to speed up the
whole process let's start with some
cardio to raise your heart rate and burn
a few calories so the first one jumping
jacks
stand with your legs together and your
arms at your sides slightly bend your
knees and jump in the air
spread your legs so that their shoulder
width apart stretch your arms out and
lift them above your head jump back to
your starting position do this for two
minutes I come on it's good for you take
a small break to catch your breath and
we'll continue with jump squats stand
with your feet shoulder-width apart
lower yourself down and bend your knees
engage your core and jump when landing
lower yourself back down and try to land
quietly to keep your core engaged do
this for one minute now that you're
warmed up will activate your obliques
and abs and build some endurance with
side plank hip lifts fly on your right
side with your legs extended place your
right elbow directly under your shoulder
now lift your hips so that your body
forms a straight line hold the position
for two to three seconds then lower
yourself back down after 10 reps switch
sides do two sets with 20 reps each
let's not forget to tone your abs and
thighs with bicycle crunches lie on your
back and place your hands behind your
head lift your back off the ground then
your feet bend your right knee and bring
it up to your chest move your left elbow
towards your right knee so that they
meet in the middle of your body do the
same on the opposite side do three sets
with 15 reps each
it's important to strengthen your spine
obliques and core with Russian twists
sit on your glutes with your knees bent
and your feet flat on the floor bend
your torso back slightly and lift your
feet off the ground
your glutes should support your
bodyweight pressure palms together in
the middle of your chest twist your
torso and move your hands to the left so
that they almost touched the ground do
the same on the opposite side do three
sets with 10 reps each will raise your
heart rate and target your shoulders
chest triceps and glutes with the
spider-man crawl make sure you have
enough space in front of you
and get into a push-up position with
your legs extended and your hands
beneath your shoulders bend your left
knee and bring it up to your left elbow
extend your right arm forward and keep
your right leg straight begin going
forward by bringing your right knee to
your right elbow do three sets with 15
reps each we also need to tone your
obliques and improve your balance with
standing side crunches whew
stand with your feet shoulder-width
apart and place your hands above your
head raise your left knee to the side of
your body and bring your left elbow down
to meet it raise your arm back up and
straighten your leg back down to the
ground do the same on the other side do
three sets with 20 reps each time to
increase the flexibility in your back
hamstrings and shoulders with plank hip
dips
it's a hippie dippie thing get into a
push-up position with your elbows at a
90 degree angle and your legs extended
slowly rotate your spine to lower your
right hip and bring it close to the
floor go back to your starting position
and repeat on the other side do three
sets with ten reps each
now let's focus on sculpting your waist
and tone your abs with oblique v
crunches lie on your left side with your
right hand behind your ear and your left
hand on the floor apply pressure to your
left hand and raise your legs off the
floor while keeping them straight move
your torso towards your legs and let
your right elbow touch your right knee
lower yourself back down to the floor do
15 reps and then switch sides
to help you improve your posture and
build stronger ABS let's continue with
though windshield wipers lie on your
back with your arms extended to your
sides lift your legs and bend your knees
at a 90 degree angle rotate your hips to
the left but don't let them touch the
floor go back to your starting position
and do the same on the what opposite
side do three sets with 10 reps each
it's important not to forget the abs and
lower back with pulse ups lie on your
back with your arms under your tailbone
keep your legs facing up while they're
extended and lift your hips stay in this
position for three to four seconds lower
your hips back down and repeat do three
sets with 10 reps each another great
exercise for your lower back abs and
glutes is crab kicks sit on your back
with your knees bent and your feet
together place your hands behind you
lift your hips off the floor and kick
your left leg up lower your back to your
starting position and switch legs do
three sets with 15 reps time for some
stretches to help your body relax let's
start with ab stretches lie face down
with your legs straight and your arms in
a push-up position straighten your arms
and lift your upper body stay in
position for 30 seconds and then
laughs next oblique stretches stand with
your feet shoulder-width apart and place
your left hand on your hip raise your
right arm and incline your torso until
you feel a stretch in your obliques stay
in position for another 30 seconds and
relax do this workout three times a week
for a month and alternate some of your
cardio you can try jogging marching in
place or using a skipping rope fat
retention is usually the main cause of
love handles as because fat cells
collect in different areas of your body
when you take in more calories than you
burn there are different reasons why fat
collects around your waist one of them
is aged belly fat develops more often
when you get older
another is lack of exercise and living
on a high-calorie diet with fats and
sugars or it could just be lack of sleep
even though there's no way to remove fat
from specific areas of your body a few
changes will help you eliminate it
overall
try eating more plant-based foods that
are low in fat and calories this
includes dark leafy greens whole grains
and berries eat lean protein such as
fish eggs and chicken instead of red
meat alternatively try eating beans and
legumes they'll keep you full for longer
and will reduce your calorie intake feet
less salt to prevent water retention and
bloating and lastly drink more water
it'll help you burn more fat and
calories and will suppress your appetite